very good to all welcome to a
new digital video
How good we are playing a man
legend tie that connected neymar up
dangerous is to that good tip company
he has done it to me before I have some
hooligans
and the game
i
no no
we go
but good
that were yesterday and I do not have
what good is better
do not
Sir
chords again
to god and other gifts
if I like it
I can hardly believe it anymore of God
to the shot
no no
I have to do let's go small
very good
host messi messi messi i shit on the
yes, we are doing well
1 we will not believe
but it is now
Hello
good
and the meats
do not fuck with me
one
- Yes sir
you can see me how I was
I needed this goal
from caamaño
with that
I have
everyone
it's the promise
ah
and to the stick
healthiest lotus of that play
the race
s
yes
oh shit
marcelo canada
but
ah
or
and the game finally ends
very bad
and the second because he took those
plays of luck that I was not
entered
I was very to catch water but I say
I more than currently
then the ones you have for whom
is here we do have here those who are
they have to give the video